three two one action underground
strength TV with an underground strength
120 QA crushing these like a madman from
Zak's fanpage calm that is the Facebook
fan page and we've got a question
regarding some mobility and this is from
Jeff Thomas says any suggestions for
tight shoulders I've got issues reaching
back to hold the bar for squats well
Jeff my man sounds like it's not just
the shoulders that are tight but it is
likely your pecs and lot and also
probably the lats a couple things that I
like to do I like to get a PVC pipe or a
band and I do dis locators which is
simply holding that band or bar overhead
you circle it above the head and behind
the body and then it should reach your
lower back or your butt muscles bring it
around the front I do several sets of
those every workout for ten to fifteen
repetitions you also want to do soft
tissue work you want to take a look
cross ball to the PEC right over here
you want to go up and down side to side
with it and there's several ways to do
it number one put the hand behind the
back like a chicken wing put that
lacrosse ball against the wall or even
on the floor using a medicine ball you
can also put your arm out to the side so
you're stretching the PEC turn away and
really dig into it and another version
that I like to do is I'll put the
lacrosse ball against the power rack or
you could do it in doorway jam it right
there and then you're going to move your
arm up and down with the thumb pointing
up the thumb pointing down and actually
various motions with the shoulder and
arm and that helps dig into that PEC you
also want to take the ball not just from
the front but lay on the ground put the
lacrosse ball in different areas around
the shoulder blades around the traps and
also get on a rumble roller from the
lats and I'm going to link up where you
could pick up the rumble roller I'm
linking that in the information notes
below in the youtube section so it's not
just tight shoulders it is oftentimes
tight pecs and simply holding that bar
behind your back is going to help
stretch it out number one is keeping
yourself healthy your commitment has to
be 10
it's everyday to mobility so get after
it and I'll talk to you guys later
underground strength TV peace out be
strong
take care comb your hair